Hello everyone and this video review on the game
black stalker 2
what we see we see new textures
grass and new textures in the trees of the bushes
landscape and mw also see and cool
the lighting is set to an improved 9 of
10 that is , after 9 you have no dream
also see new textures weapons
recycled
also sounds, is there the same thing
now ak-74 connector new weapon sounds
Russian all weapons well, almost
also appeared a new weapon is me
I'll show you right now , let's move on and
Immediately to skadovska I will not show
way because here is demolished new
the shot forgot to say it that is
you will not go from somewhere
stampa you bummer who you lose there
70 percent efficiency
also get bleeding which
very hard
will stop and raise the cafe too
it will be very difficult that is one you one
time you shoot the second time you will finish
that is, you need to save here every
30 seconds that is very difficult to pass
very difficult to repeat but it is on
mod lover that is he me certainly not
like because somehow
play no fun i mean okay with
one shot of the legs does not do the same there 70
percent of 5 rows that is at least 30
30 is normally 30-40 here so Well
Scad songs let's see what's there
we on skadovska now see what
here will prove we see add all sorts of new
energetics every kind of instrument any food but
only noticed drugs also noticed
stalker mineral water that is
too cool well then let's go see
what's going on there and candle reports
trample on if anything comes out
general news assortment of merchants
there is all sorts of
pistols and machine guns, etc. etc.
I also want to show you this chip
I used to show yes let's say
buy and this is this nonsense there is no fall
fits me buy let's say this yes
look at the money yes I fucking up their money
are shot here that is you can sell
here it is now and that money will be added
You can so on farm shadow
ok so well and buy yourself
normal thing but we have it now
we will not do as we have short
video review that's what we see as all
usually left that is everything as usual
i.e. improved lighting
any room's lighting for that
there is
also here was not so fucking awesome
now here we see all sorts
only on steaks but not picked up and listen
that is, all sorts of devices here and all
drugs she biotic allow break and
ejection that is immediately added to us
she is biotic because in the usual call stalker
Pripyat it as if we can deliver
then when we go there some
quest
that is, scientists will be sold well
Well it seems
told still add no
linger what can be demolished here
from the 1st shot that is, it is a mod for those
for professionals so let's say that is
very, very difficult to play here
there is being killed but the shot is literally
also nomoli and all the monsters themselves
the shot blows you down but the anomaly is still
it would be harder there if you hit
anomalies in life, and certainly not to drink at
you will also forget to show you about
locations locations remain the same
locations are less clearly drawn as
see that is, everything is fine that is, well
plus new graphics new textures
weapons added
weapons also a couple of quests can about
5-10 new weapon textures minus it
that here are two demolition shots
that is, the anomaly kills also created
shots and even with anomaly sim hit in
anomaly but then you
don't get out this one hundred percent also
do you have there a pack of dogs will attack
think you are a dead man then
Thank you all for your attention
This was a brief video review of the game.
black push you I would take off full
video review but here as I said it was not
very uncomfortable and the grace of being torn down
a shot, that is, you will be ready for this
bottom right away
that is, we end up with this thanks
for attention and forget to subscribe to
channel and put the likes goodbye
whether prayer Well if you want to
on some mod watch video review
either passing that is write to
comments and i will take goodbye